i worked for the man freddie mercury
more than the superstar freddie mercury
he had this sort of magnetism i suppose
he could walk into any room and
automatically
heads just turn that was what it was
like
i think he would be astounded that
a documentary like this has been made
about him it's going to be the nearest
to the reel of freddie mercury because
you will get
all the different freddies this one came
into the chart at 23 in october
she keeps them always chandler in a
pretty
[Music]
really he was two people i mean both of
them were real both of them were the
real
freddie mercury there was the the
freddie that
the whole world knew the freddie from
the stage the performer the
you know the giant who could do anything
but at home he just
loved peace and quiet he was very shy
in fact he could not walk into a room
with
maybe five six people that he didn't
know he couldn't walk in on his own
he had to have you know his entourage it
was always the entourage
all it was was friends who could
introduce him to people and then he
would be the life and soul of the party
but that was the hard part um
he just could not do it he couldn't do
things on his own
freddie was never defined by his
sexuality
for himself he didn't care he didn't
hide he was out
every night in the bars and yet he
wasn't hiding he didn't have disguises
on nothing like that um
but for him it was important
that the music was first as far as the
band
was concerned and as far as he was
concerned
the highs and the lows of course
yes they existed they existed but i
never saw him depressed
but he became serious because when he
was told
he had aids it was a death sentence
nobody knew how long if it was six days
six weeks six months six years
nobody no doctors nobody so
all he knew was he had less time to do
everything he needed
to do so what that did to him it just
concentrated his mind
and he did more recording in those last
four years
than he had done over the years
beforehand
because he just felt this is this was
his life
this is what his whole life had been
about was music
and he just wanted to leave as much
music be kind as he could